
## 1. TransferNFT

```Rust
TransferNft { recipient: String, token_id: String },
```

Transfers ownership of the token to the `recipient`. It assumes only address managed by a private key.

It does not trigger any action, even if the `recipient` is a contract.

`token_id` must be a valid ID, and `env.sender` must own that token or have been authorized to transfer it from the owner.


## 2. SendNFT

```Rust
SendNft {
  contract: String,
  token_id: String,
  msg: Binary,
},
```

Transfers ownership of the token to the `contract` and then triggers the recipient contract's action. `Contract` must be a smart contract and must comply with the CW721 Receiver interface. `msg` is passed to the receiving contract with the token ID.

Similarly, `token_id` must be a valid ID, and `env.sender` must own that token or have been authorized to transfer it from the owner.

## 3. Approve

```Rust
Approve {
  spender: String,
  token_id: String,
  expires: Option<Expiration>,
},
```

Allows `spender` to transfer or send the `token_id` token. There can be multiple `spenders` for a token.

Once the token has been transferred or sent, it is initialized.

It can only be done if the `env.sender` owns the token or he is an `operator`.

## 4. Revoke

```Rust
Revoke { spender: String, token_id: String },
```

Revokes previously approved `token_id` token.
It can only be done if the `env.sender` owns the token or he is an `operator`.

## 5. ApproveAll

```Rust
ApproveAll {
  operator: String,
  expires: Option<Expiration>,
},
```

Allows `operator` to transfer or send all tokens held by `env.sender`. It gives the `operator` equal rights to the `owner`, which also applies to all tokens received later, too.

## 6. RevokeAll

```Rust
RevokeAll { operator: String },
```

Revokes `ApproveAll` approval from the `operator`.
